Update logging document to fix the inactive links (#654)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.3/logging/harvester-logging.md

         key: <kubernetes-secret-key>
```

> For more information, you can find the related documentation [here](https://kube-logging.dev/docs/configuration/output/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, you can find the related documentation [here](https://kube-logging.dev/docs/configuration/plugins/outputs/secret/).
```
